Brazilian recorder being played again
Egypt and Greece brag about expanding their territories but the story is different for Brazil.
Our foremost achievement is to govern our wide territory in peace and security.
But if anyone is asked if they know Pedro ⅱ?
They don’t know!
But if anyone is asked if they know King Alexandros, everyone knows!
No / I don’t know him / No no, I don’t know /  I dunno / The King is Ghana king of liar.
Panicked as everyone’s opposing.
There is a Brazilian king who is more famous than King Alexandros.
No way~
Pele!
The greatest soccer emperor Pele who won the World Cup 3 times
Agreed!
I understand that there is no such king in Greece.
From looking at the present
King Pedro left Brazil. What did Alexandros leave?
Greece!
King Alexandros did not manage to leave anything behind.
Macedonia!
Territory of Egypt reduced.
Yes, that’s right!
Counter-attacking!
Where is Greece now?
Here~ Macedonia!
Please explain.
It was this small in the beginning and the rest was conquered.
Then it all came back.
(Murmurings)
Macedonia was this small at first and King Alexandros brought this much more to the country.
But isn’t Macedonia Greece?
Macedonia is Greece~
Yes it is Greece.
Macedonia is Greece.
I thought he is Young Ja Lee.
It is located next to it.
(Singing) Macedonia is Greece~
Calm down.
Macedonia is originally a small region in Greece.
But other countries try to reduce our history.
Stretching face in all direction
Because I wanted to steal it.
Groaning without saying anything.
Jim Carrey of Greece
Macedonia is a different country.
Addictive melody
Back to the point
But people don’t consider Macedonia and Greece as the same country.
(All at the same time) Different countries.
I got you!
Finally giving up arguing.